The Joe Rogan experience. You know, there's like,
that's one of the isn't that now the people we went to recently went to jail for
like bribe, for getting their kids into college.
It's kind of a version of the acts that with your kids, right? You're like,
you're like just, they, their kids aren't, aren't,
aren't supposed to be in college because they haven't done any work in high
school and they don't know what they're doing, but if you pay enough money,
you get them in there. It's like,
and also aren't they doing some thing where they get people to go and take SATs
for your kid. Like, you figure out a way to like, it's an identity theft thing,
or you can even get someone to go and like,
do the test as your kid using fake ID and.
So it's like,
you've sent in an operative that isn't your kid take the test so you can get
into a nice school.
That whole thing was so crazy.
Did they spent so much money to get kids in school,
but didn't want to be good students. Yeah.
That's right.
Almost like you think you could buy by a kids way too
enthusiastic focus.
That. Well, there you go. I mean, there's the whole problem. Isn't it?
Th this was, this is from the district attorney's office in Massachusetts.
One of the photos that was used to show this girl's a rowing, uh,
high school rowing career that she got a scholarship on.
That's a workout machine. Oh, wow. It's was supposed to be like, yeah,
look at her and her varsity. Oh.
Man. Yeah.
Wow. So there was no photos of her actually rowing out on a boat.
That's part of the thing. Like having people take tests,
they went and staged photos too. It'd be like, look, the person saw allegedly,
according to the court.
Can you imagine how mad real rowers would be at you?
If they found out you got a scholarship based on a rowing machine photo,
we'll wait and we'll get.
Was it for scholarships or was it just get, trying to get them in.
To just to get any, I don't think they got scholarships,
but to be on the rowing team, you know, or whatever it's called. Uh, I forget,
I've talked.
To my head. Is it like good for your GPA or some?
It's a way to get in.
Oh. Way to get in. Yeah. Oh, right. So that end the bride.
Extracurricular activity kind of stuff on your record.
And whatnot. So they just, they fudged that and then bribed the rest of it.
Do you think the kids knew?
Yeah. Yeah. You CA you know, when your parents like, Hey,
we just bought this rowing machine.
Why just don't worry about it.
We're just going to take a picture of you in a rowing machine, like sure.
You know, you're, you're getting a picture,
taken a you to try to get you into this school that your dad went to or
whatever. You're complicit to some degree. Like.
You have to be a little.
Yeah. A little.
Bit to that picture. She doesn't even shouldn't even broke a sweat.
Has her face covered in. So.
I want to see closing on that. She didn't look sweaty to me.
Crew is the word I was trying to.
Think of. She looks like she's barely started exercising.
There's another one down here too. Yeah. Come on son. I don't see no sweat.
That's a better one. Cause look, stop, go up. Look at that. That's a gray sweat.
A gray. T-shirt great. T-shirts look sweaty instantly. Yeah.
Instantly recall this. This is hilarious.
She probably pulled it back a couple of times. Am I done yet?
You can't even get me into USC loser.
My father's a loser and he takes pills. Yeah.
Dude, he.
Wants you to love me. Well, get me in a EFC.
All my friends are going, dude. That thing that's really up. It's like,
there's some kid whose parents like w like are making 20 K a
year. Who's working his off, you know, like,
just like somehow managing to like study nonstop to try to get into a good
school. It doesn't get into the school because of that. That's the,
that's the satanic part is like,
they buy their way in and that's someone's place.
They have a limited number of places. Meaning like,
theoretically someone doesn't get into the school who could be the person who is
gonna, you know, invent teleportation or some. Yeah.
Isn't that weird with schools or you have your first choice. Second choice.
And Billy got his third choice. Yeah. Billy's going. Where's it going?
South Dakota. Billy. What's in South Dakota. Yeah.
Flat ground.
Dude. I get it though. I mean, I get wanting to get into some Ivy league.
I Illuminati school. I think that'd be cool.
Especially if you're in, if you're in the Illuminati and your kid's a dope.
You're the Illuminati with an embarrassing.
Kid. And if you like, like, I don't,
I don't swear that much real my kids,
my kids don't know how I talk around my friends.
What if that's how it is with like Illuminati too.
Like these kids don't even know their parents were the Illuminati, you know?
And you're like, look, I'm trying to get you to be in a better position in life.
But I was working all the time. I wasn't around, I didn't push hard enough now.
Jenny Yale, or they know you're in it. And they're just like, you're like,
did you get into my adrenochrome again? They're like breaking into your vaults,
you know, taking your, like goblets of blood and drinking it.
Parties don't drink anymore. My blood, you have to stop this.
You know,
I joined them in the skull and bones don't they bring their kids to skull and
bones. I don't think so. I think they do. I think they, they,
once they're there in their son, turns 30 decided son,
I'm going to show you something. They take him, take him to the skull and bones.
Don't they bring them in. No, you, if you go to school there, you get into it.
Right. That's how you, I think that's how you get to the end of school.
That's how you get in stuff. Right? Legacy. Is that how you get in?
Or is that how you get in skull and bones? Like, I would not,
I don't think the whole school gets to be scone, but that's you,
that's how you get accepted is when I met, that's how you get into this school.
Isn't that funny? Like, if you're in a place like Yale,
which is very exclusive and very prestigious already, some creeps,
like that's not enough. I want to get in the secret cult, Dick suck society.
What do they do? They don't suck. Do they know?
They're a rumor that they make each other blow each other on,
take photos of it so that they, uh, they have something over them. That was,
what's one of the crazy online conspiracy theories. Right. They,
they make every guy suck a Dick and they take Polaroids of it.
And so they always have it. They hold over you.
I think that's just fraternity stuff, but yeah. Is that normal fraternity stuff?
I mean, Burt's talked about that thing, whatever for it. Yeah.
They would jerk off on a biscuit, right? Yeah. That's the circle jerk thing.
And the last guy to come eat the best yet. No, one's really doing,
except for the one idiot.
That one guy who can't come because it's just jerking off all the time
and he just.
Yeah. I said, I talked to a bunch of my friends. who's cares. I going to say,
are we in a time now? Where like, like a picture of me emerges,
sucking all my friends. I think there's.
I think they peg you or something.
They take pictures of them wearing a strap-on and you got pegged.
Some people know why, but you know,
they want to rise through the branch at Raytheon and get to the top every time.
And Raytheon gets pegged, like, wow, you know, that's just like, it. Like, yeah,
we all get pegged now. So what we're inventing bombs now. You're like,
who cares? Of course.
We get packed. Yeah. But the guys were in a goat costume.
So what I like to wear a goat costume. When I get pegged, I like too much.
It's like, God. I hope we get to a time where like,
they take pictures of someone doing a thing that's legit up so that, you know,
and they get banished for it. It's like, God forbid, like,
I can't even imagine the Polaroids that could emerge of weird. I've done.
You know? I've I could only imagine.
You can't.
Imagine. I can't. Uh, but that being said, it's like, yeah,
I wonder what, what I think what the initiation, I get it. Like it is look,
let's face it. You're not going to charge.
Fun to be a part of a little tiny group. That's a part of an exclusive group.
Right? You got the exclusive group. That's Yale.
And then you get the little skull and bones. We're all good together.
All brothers in the, in, in the room would they probably have like secret wars.
You have to say in Latin and.
Yeah. I mean, we,
that's the thing that I imagine based on the way I have come to
understand things, whatever it is is way more boring than we imagined,
because you know what I mean? Like when you don't know what a thing is,
you always project the worst thing on it. My guess is it's boring as.
It's probably just some college where people are in a frat sit around and like
make dumb jokes and do stupid. And it's nothing.
Peggy. They probably just take a Polaroid of your. Got it. Look,
we got your gear, man.
Yeah. We have a picture of your. It's your soul's fingerprint.
[Inaudible] your told a lot about you.
That's.
A person's eyes, you know? And you see their soul. It's the windows to the soul.
What if the is like,
you really know whether you like someone just by looking at their,
something about the tells you things. Books.
Come out, decoding your.
Now like people read hands. They read fingerprints. You can't, they read.
I bet tell you a lot. Just like, ah, someone's eyebrows dealer.
Someone's got like, mean eyebrows, like whoa, like how it looks aggressive.
I don't trust the guy's got big thick, bushy eyebrows.
And he's not mean I get suspicious.
He's all friendly with big, crazy eyebrows.
But all the villains have big, crazy eyebrows. They're all angry.
Yeah. It was crazy eyebrows. Yeah.
Yeah. It's just like, man, I, for one here's probably for sure.
We don't know that you can't tell a person future from their yet because no
one's thought it.
That could be the new thing that people pick up as a business during this
pandemic. Yeah. reading.
Or what if it's like a, what if it's like scan it
discount.
The QR code, your flats into a QR code.
All this time. We've been looking for alien signals from space.
We didn't know it was in our. Yeah.
It was all, all photos of our. If you put them together on a grid,
it gives us the diagram of how to build a spaceship to get out of here,
Except to have all the photos.
It's like a giant jigsaw puzzle with 8 billion pieces,
you take 8 billion and you put them on a grid and you'll see the schematics
behold.
It'll tell us exactly when the sun's going to supernova for about 50 years.
Maybe what if that's what the quantum computer,
the first thing it says is I need pictures of all the on the planet.
Like if you vote, you have to show a photo,
your or your phone. You have to have it on your phone. And that's your thing.
You know, thumbprints are not exact are exact exact,
and they don't get changed by workouts or they don't like, you know,
your thumb pin, your hands can get bigger. It'd be a little bit different.
All right. How do you know? I don't know that don't get changed from workouts.
The one thing they could do with your thumbprint, right?
Some people have burned their prints off. You can't really burn. Well,
I guess you could burn the, your into an unreadable.
That's.
One of the levels of.
Time getting your. Well,
I can't get a good relationship because people keep rude, my wrong.
Look, I'm more than my.
[inaudible].